doc/book/zend.feed.importing.md, before:

# Importing Feeds

`Zend\Feed` enables developers to retrieve feeds very easily, by using `Zend\Feader\Reader`. If you
know the *URI* of a feed, simply use the `Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import()` method:

```php
$feed = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import('http://feeds.example.com/feedName');
```

You can also use `Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader` to fetch the contents of a feed from a file or the
contents of a *PHP* string variable:

```php
// importing a feed from a text file
$feedFromFile = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::importFile('feed.xml');

// importing a feed from a PHP string variable
$feedFromPHP = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::importString($feedString);
```

In each of the examples above, an object of a class that extends
`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\AbstractFeed` is returned upon success, depending on the type of the feed. If
an *RSS* feed were retrieved via one of the import methods above, then a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Rss`
object would be returned. On the other hand, if an Atom feed were imported, then a
`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Atom` object is returned. The import methods will also throw a
`Zend\Feed\Exception\Reader\RuntimeException` object upon failure, such as an unreadable or
malformed feed.

## Dumping the contents of a feed

To dump the contents of a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\AbstractFeed` instance, you may use the `saveXml()`
method.

```php
assert($feed instanceof Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\AbstractFeed);

// dump the feed to standard output
print $feed->saveXml();
```

Commit message:

Updated documentation for 2.6.0
- Added chapter on zend-feed HTTP clients
- Updated documentation that references `import()` and `findFeedLinks()`
  operations to link to the HTTP client documentation.

doc/book/zend.feed.importing.md, after:

# Importing Feeds

`Zend\Feed` enables developers to retrieve feeds very easily, by using `Zend\Feader\Reader`. If you
know the *URI* of a feed, simply use the `Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import()` method:

```php
$feed = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import('http://feeds.example.com/feedName');
```

> ## Importing requires an HTTP client
>
> To import a feed, you will need to have an [HTTP client](zend.feed.http-clients)
> available. 
>
> If you are not using zend-http, you will need to inject `Reader` with the HTTP
> client. See the [section on providing a client to Reader](zend.feed.http-clients#providing-a-client-to-reader).

You can also use `Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader` to fetch the contents of a feed from a file or the
contents of a *PHP* string variable:

```php
// importing a feed from a text file
$feedFromFile = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::importFile('feed.xml');

// importing a feed from a PHP string variable
$feedFromPHP = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::importString($feedString);
```

In each of the examples above, an object of a class that extends
`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\AbstractFeed` is returned upon success, depending on the type of the feed. If
an *RSS* feed were retrieved via one of the import methods above, then a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Rss`
object would be returned. On the other hand, if an Atom feed were imported, then a
`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Atom` object is returned. The import methods will also throw a
`Zend\Feed\Exception\Reader\RuntimeException` object upon failure, such as an unreadable or
malformed feed.

## Dumping the contents of a feed

To dump the contents of a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\AbstractFeed` instance, you may use the `saveXml()`
method.

```php
assert($feed instanceof Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\AbstractFeed);

// dump the feed to standard output
print $feed->saveXml();
```
