doc/book/zend.feed.consuming-rss.md, before:

# Consuming an RSS Feed

## Reading a feed

Reading an *RSS* feed is as simple as passing the *URL* of the feed to `Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader`'s
`import` method.

```php
$channel = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import('http://rss.example.com/channelName');
```

If any errors occur fetching the feed, a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Exception\RuntimeException` will be
thrown.

## Get properties

Once you have a feed object, you can access any of the standard *RSS* "channel" properties directly
on the object:

```php
echo $channel->getTitle();
```

Properties of the channel can be accessed via getter methods, such as `getTitle`, `getAuthor` ...

If channel properties have attributes, the getter method will return a key/value pair, where the key
is the attribute name, and the value is the attribute value.

```php
$author = $channel->getAuthor();
echo $author['name'];
```

Most commonly you'll want to loop through the feed and do something with its entries.
`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Rss` internally converts all entries to a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Entry\Rss`. Entry
properties, similarly to channel properties, can be accessed via getter methods, such as `getTitle`,
`getDescription` ...

An example of printing all titles of articles in a channel is:

```php
foreach ($channel as $item) {
    echo $item->getTitle() . "\n";
}
```

If you are not familiar with *RSS*, here are the standard elements you can expect to be available in
an *RSS* channel and in individual *RSS* items (entries).

Required channel elements:

- `title`- The name of the channel
- `link`- The *URL* of the web site corresponding to the channel
- `description`- A sentence or several describing the channel

Common optional channel elements:

- `pubDate`- The publication date of this set of content, in *RFC* 822 date format
- `language`- The language the channel is written in
- `category`- One or more (specified by multiple tags) categories the channel belongs to

*RSS* **&lt;item&gt;** elements do not have any strictly required elements. However, either `title`
or `description` must be present.

Common item elements:

- `title`- The title of the item
- `link`- The *URL* of the item
- `description`- A synopsis of the item
- `author`- The author's email address
- `category`- One more categories that the item belongs to
- `comments`-*URL* of comments relating to this item
- `pubDate`- The date the item was published, in *RFC* 822 date format

In your code you can always test to see if an element is non-empty with:

```php
if ($item->getPropname()) {
    // ... proceed.
}
```

Where relevant, `Zend\Feed` supports a number of common RSS extensions including Dublin Core, Atom
(inside RSS) and the Content, Slash, Syndication, Syndication/Thread and several other extensions or
modules.

Please see the official [RSS 2.0 specification](http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/rss/rss.html) for
further information.

Commit message:

Updated documentation for 2.6.0
- Added chapter on zend-feed HTTP clients
- Updated documentation that references `import()` and `findFeedLinks()`
  operations to link to the HTTP client documentation.

doc/book/zend.feed.consuming-rss.md, after:

# Consuming an RSS Feed

## Reading a feed

Reading an *RSS* feed is as simple as passing the *URL* of the feed to `Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader`'s
`import` method.

```php
$channel = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import('http://rss.example.com/channelName');
```

> ## Importing requires an HTTP client
>
> To import a feed, you will need to have an [HTTP client](zend.feed.http-clients)
> available. 
>
> If you are not using zend-http, you will need to inject `Reader` with the HTTP
> client. See the [section on providing a client to Reader](zend.feed.http-clients#providing-a-client-to-reader).

If any errors occur fetching the feed, a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Exception\RuntimeException` will be
thrown.

## Get properties

Once you have a feed object, you can access any of the standard *RSS* "channel" properties directly
on the object:

```php
echo $channel->getTitle();
```

Properties of the channel can be accessed via getter methods, such as `getTitle`, `getAuthor` ...

If channel properties have attributes, the getter method will return a key/value pair, where the key
is the attribute name, and the value is the attribute value.

```php
$author = $channel->getAuthor();
echo $author['name'];
```

Most commonly you'll want to loop through the feed and do something with its entries.
`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Rss` internally converts all entries to a `Zend\Feed\Reader\Entry\Rss`. Entry
properties, similarly to channel properties, can be accessed via getter methods, such as `getTitle`,
`getDescription` ...

An example of printing all titles of articles in a channel is:

```php
foreach ($channel as $item) {
    echo $item->getTitle() . "\n";
}
```

If you are not familiar with *RSS*, here are the standard elements you can expect to be available in
an *RSS* channel and in individual *RSS* items (entries).

Required channel elements:

- `title`- The name of the channel
- `link`- The *URL* of the web site corresponding to the channel
- `description`- A sentence or several describing the channel

Common optional channel elements:

- `pubDate`- The publication date of this set of content, in *RFC* 822 date format
- `language`- The language the channel is written in
- `category`- One or more (specified by multiple tags) categories the channel belongs to

*RSS* **&lt;item&gt;** elements do not have any strictly required elements. However, either `title`
or `description` must be present.

Common item elements:

- `title`- The title of the item
- `link`- The *URL* of the item
- `description`- A synopsis of the item
- `author`- The author's email address
- `category`- One more categories that the item belongs to
- `comments`-*URL* of comments relating to this item
- `pubDate`- The date the item was published, in *RFC* 822 date format

In your code you can always test to see if an element is non-empty with:

```php
if ($item->getPropname()) {
    // ... proceed.
}
```

Where relevant, `Zend\Feed` supports a number of common RSS extensions including Dublin Core, Atom
(inside RSS) and the Content, Slash, Syndication, Syndication/Thread and several other extensions or
modules.

Please see the official [RSS 2.0 specification](http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/rss/rss.html) for
further information.
