doc/book/zend.feed.consuming-atom.md, before:

# Consuming an Atom Feed

`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Atom` is used in much the same way as `Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Rss`. It
provides the same access to feed-level properties and iteration over entries in the feed. The main
difference is in the structure of the Atom protocol itself. Atom is a successor to *RSS*; it is a
more generalized protocol and it is designed to deal more easily with feeds that provide their full
content inside the feed, splitting *RSS*' `description` tag into two elements, `summary` and
`content`, for that purpose.

## Basic Use of an Atom Feed

Read an Atom feed and print the `title` and `summary` of each entry:

```php
$feed = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import('http://atom.example.com/feed/');
echo 'The feed contains ' . $feed->count() . ' entries.' . "\n\n";
foreach ($feed as $entry) {
    echo 'Title: ' . $entry->getTitle() . "\n";
    echo 'Description: ' . $entry->getDescription() . "\n";
    echo 'URL: ' . $entry->getLink() . "\n\n";
}
```

In an Atom feed you can expect to find the following feed properties:

- `title`- The feed's title, same as *RSS*'s channel title
- `id`- Every feed and entry in Atom has a unique identifier
- `link`- Feeds can have multiple links, which are distinguished by a `type` attribute

    The equivalent to *RSS*'s channel link would be `type="text/html"`. if the link is to an
alternate version of the same content that's in the feed, it would have a `rel="alternate"`
attribute.

- `subtitle`- The feed's description, equivalent to *RSS*' channel description
- `author`- The feed's author, with `name` and `email` sub-tags

Atom entries commonly have the following properties:

- `id`- The entry's unique identifier
- `title`- The entry's title, same as *RSS* item titles
- `link`- A link to another format or an alternate view of this entry

    The link property of an atom entry typically has an `href` attribute.

- `summary`- A summary of this entry's content
- `content`- The full content of the entry; can be skipped if the feed just contains summaries
- `author`- with `name` and `email` sub-tags like feeds have
- `published`- the date the entry was published, in *RFC* 3339 format
- `updated`- the date the entry was last updated, in *RFC* 3339 format

Where relevant, `Zend\Feed` supports a number of common RSS extensions including Dublin Core and the
Content, Slash, Syndication, Syndication/Thread and several other extensions in common use on blogs.

For more information on Atom and plenty of resources, see <http://www.atomenabled.org/>.

Commit message:

Updated documentation for 2.6.0
- Added chapter on zend-feed HTTP clients
- Updated documentation that references `import()` and `findFeedLinks()`
  operations to link to the HTTP client documentation.

doc/book/zend.feed.consuming-atom.md, after:

# Consuming an Atom Feed

`Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Atom` is used in much the same way as `Zend\Feed\Reader\Feed\Rss`. It
provides the same access to feed-level properties and iteration over entries in the feed. The main
difference is in the structure of the Atom protocol itself. Atom is a successor to *RSS*; it is a
more generalized protocol and it is designed to deal more easily with feeds that provide their full
content inside the feed, splitting *RSS*' `description` tag into two elements, `summary` and
`content`, for that purpose.

## Basic Use of an Atom Feed

Read an Atom feed and print the `title` and `summary` of each entry:

```php
$feed = Zend\Feed\Reader\Reader::import('http://atom.example.com/feed/');
echo 'The feed contains ' . $feed->count() . ' entries.' . "\n\n";
foreach ($feed as $entry) {
    echo 'Title: ' . $entry->getTitle() . "\n";
    echo 'Description: ' . $entry->getDescription() . "\n";
    echo 'URL: ' . $entry->getLink() . "\n\n";
}
```

> ## Importing requires an HTTP client
>
> To import a feed, you will need to have an [HTTP client](zend.feed.http-clients)
> available. 
>
> If you are not using zend-http, you will need to inject `Reader` with the HTTP
> client. See the [section on providing a client to Reader](zend.feed.http-clients#providing-a-client-to-reader).

In an Atom feed you can expect to find the following feed properties:

- `title`- The feed's title, same as *RSS*'s channel title
- `id`- Every feed and entry in Atom has a unique identifier
- `link`- Feeds can have multiple links, which are distinguished by a `type` attribute

    The equivalent to *RSS*'s channel link would be `type="text/html"`. if the link is to an
alternate version of the same content that's in the feed, it would have a `rel="alternate"`
attribute.

- `subtitle`- The feed's description, equivalent to *RSS*' channel description
- `author`- The feed's author, with `name` and `email` sub-tags

Atom entries commonly have the following properties:

- `id`- The entry's unique identifier
- `title`- The entry's title, same as *RSS* item titles
- `link`- A link to another format or an alternate view of this entry

    The link property of an atom entry typically has an `href` attribute.

- `summary`- A summary of this entry's content
- `content`- The full content of the entry; can be skipped if the feed just contains summaries
- `author`- with `name` and `email` sub-tags like feeds have
- `published`- the date the entry was published, in *RFC* 3339 format
- `updated`- the date the entry was last updated, in *RFC* 3339 format

Where relevant, `Zend\Feed` supports a number of common RSS extensions including Dublin Core and the
Content, Slash, Syndication, Syndication/Thread and several other extensions in common use on blogs.

For more information on Atom and plenty of resources, see <http://www.atomenabled.org/>.
